= random_youtube_comment

Retrieves a (psuedo)random comment from a (psuedo)random video using the Wordnik API to get a random word, search YouTube for that word, get a random search result with comments, and then get a random comment from that result. Ugly, but it works. Usually.

== Installation

    gem install random_youtube_comment

== Configuration

RandomYoutubeComment requires a Wordnik API key (available at [developer.wordnik.com](http://developer.wordnik.com/)).

The api key can be passed in as a global configuration option:

    RandomYoutubeComment.setup do |config|
      config.wordnik_api_key = 'your_api_key'
    end


== Usage

To get a comment, use `RandomYoutubeComment.comment` which will retun an object of the `RandomYoutubeComment::Comment` class.
    
== Contributing to random_youtube_comment
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Colin Rymer. See UNLICENSE.txt for
further details.

